Cdf 8785 pnid detect entities (#95)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python-experimental: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [0.22.1] - 2020-09-09
### Added

> - Added `/detect` in Pnid Parser can accept entities with type `List[Union[str, dict]]` and return `entities` if the type of input `entities` has type of `List[dict]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/detect` in Pnid Parser can accept entities with type `List[Union[str, dict]]` and returns `entities` if the type of input `entities` has type of `List[dict]`
```
